I'm sure we've all dreamed of going to
Harvard University but what is it
actually like studying it is there any
difference from a community college well
drain my Harvard campus crawl I met some
friends Ivy and that who will now reveal
to you a day in the life of a Harvard
University student what does your
typical day look like when you're going
in class I have long class days so I
have a class starting at 10:30 and then
I have class until around 10 p.m. most
days no way
I'm taking this program called crimson
EMS trains you to become certified EMTs
so we have 15 hours of class each week
most days we have six to ten class how
long are these classes so you do have
breaks in between obviously okay where
do you go for lunch
what are you doing the afternoon I have
more class crazy if not I take a nap
where do you have time to work out and
do other things I think that's a
question for Sam because I don't work I
try to work out in the mornings when I
can but if I don't know time then I just
go after class do go partying because
you say you're from Las Vegas really so
when do you do your extracurricular
stuff um some of them meet during the
week but most of them we meet during the
weekend so you know that's what I do
during the weekend and then when do you
actually study because you end class at
10:00 how do you actually study you just
do all your homework for the week the
weekend and then just go to class the
weekdays yep so would you say you're
pretty busy and do you feel stressed at
all I'm really busy but I don't really
feel stressed I just you know
what it's oh it's a manageable workload
but I'm not that's just because I've
sacrificed my social life so the
triangle meme of social life grades
sleep is that accurate yes when do you
sleep I said like eight hours a night
actually which is really nice so I sleep
and then do homework a lot so and I
rarely go out so I don't really see my
friends that often I was at MIT
yesterday and then one of the study tips
that my pal gave me was fine prints to
study with I was very much a self-study
ER and undergrad but I think that ended
up pushing me to weird emotional limits
oh so you don't feel so lonely yeah do
you have any study tips Sam do you have
any study tips don't procrastinate even
though you will procrastinate but try
not to that's good what is the one piece
of advice you would give to your younger
self I think my advice would be to drink
no you did not say that this is a great
I'd say like I started drinking more
water and everything in my life has
become better it's made my skin nicer my
I feel more alive like do you finish the
whole jug want like one gallon two days
you drink one of these
Sam how are you gonna beat that I'd say
that's pretty good you can clearly see
by my size what would you tell your
younger self get more involved but there
is like a balance there's a healthy
balance of getting involved so a lot of
freshmen over commit and then there's
freshmen like me that under commit so
you gotta find that middle ground
okay what about study advice do you have
any other than don't procrastinate
enough sleep and sometimes it's more
important to sleep and study you'll
learn more in class if you are fully
rested that's a true I focus more on
asleep it's all about efficiency if you
like this video please take a moment to
click that like button and that
subscribe button because we will live
that Ivy League dream together and click
to watch another video for example the
Harvard campus for all I hope you're
having a great summer my friend and I
will see you in the next video